chore: rename Metric Handle to Bound Instrument (#638)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: getting-started/README.md

  description: "Count all incoming requests"
});

const instruments = new Map();

module.exports.countAllRequests = () => {
  return (req, res, next) => {
    if (!instruments.has(req.path)) {
      const labelSet = meter.labels({ route: req.path });

>       const instrument = requestCount.bind(labelSet);

Reviewer: Can we rename this `boundInstrument` and the map `boundInstruments`?

Now, when we make requests to our service our meter will count all requests.

> **Note**: Creating a new `labelSet` and `instrument` on every request is not ideal as creating the `labelSet` can often be an expensive operation. This is why instruments are created and stored in a `Map` according to the route key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Creating a new `labelSet` and `binding` on every request is not ideal as creating the `labelSet` can often be an expensive operation. This is why bound instruments are created and stored in a `Map` according to the route key.
```

  description: "Count all incoming requests"
});

const instruments = new Map();

module.exports.countAllRequests = () => {
  return (req, res, next) => {
    if (!instruments.has(req.path)) {
      const labelSet = meter.labels({ route: req.path });

>       const instrument = requestCount.bind(labelSet);

Reviewer: pls rename boundInstrument
